The Joe Rogan experience.
But I'm also very childlike that way,
because I think a lot of that kind of got ex you know, taken away a little bit.
So I still, you know,
I still enjoy cartoons and Marvel movies or whatever it is,
and these type of things,
these escapism stuff that I feel like I just never really kind of fully got out
of the way. And so it's like, I, you grew up fast and I's like,
you're making up for time and doing that kind of stuff. I.
I started embracing them again.
I thought they were foolish like comic books and comic book movies and stuff
like that. I thought they were foolish for a while. And then I got,
as I got older, I go, but wait a minute. I like those.
And then I started embracing them as I got in, I guess, into my thirties. Yeah.
I.
Think, I think you have a better under ending and again,
not to get so super deep on superhero movies,
but I think there is something that,
that really kind of shines a mirror on people to,
if you have this blank canvas and be able to create something as to
whatever you wanted and then you can create this person.
It's kind of interesting. I remember I,
I forgot there's an they going around or something that's talking about like
Superman, for instance,
and like how there is some interesting psychology behind it.
The idea that everyone on Krypton is Superman and his alter ego is actually a
human as opposed to every other
superhero alter ego is their superhero.
But he actually has to pretend to be normal cuz as he just himself is mm.
You know, whatever, it's like this weird kind of thing.
And I remember reading that kind of stuff and thinking about that and thinking
about how like, um, most recently I think Spider-Man,
they finally cast a young young guy as opposed to like a grown man.
And there was like,
what kind of stuff would you go through as a teenager that all of a sudden
discovered that you have all this stuff going on and they did a good job in the
most recent movies about him going to high school and telling his best friend
and getting caught about it and getting all this other stuff.
I feel like there's like as an adult watching it is not the same.
I think I really enjoy it at a different level, but it's.
Cool. Yeah. Well it's just superhero movies.
They're just fun. That's all it is. That's right. It's just, it's.
Fun. Just junk food. Yeah. Yeah.
Exactly. Junk.
Food for the mine. Yeah. I think that there's,
there's a time like when people would come by and say, this didn't have any it,
like, are you arguing the realism? Like people who pick it apart like that,
it's just kind of.
They can do whatever they want. Like if,
if that's what you wanna do with a superhero movie. Yeah.
Go back and do that about bugs bunny too stupid. That's right.
Exactly. Exactly. Oh, he got shot in the face.
You could totally not survive that. Like yeah, exactly. He is talking rabbit,
bro. Yeah.
Exactly. None of it makes any sense.
You know what I watched the other day that I haven't seen in a long time,
the Watchman. Yes. That's a up.
Movie. Yeah. But that's uh, there's um,
I mean that is so well written. Yeah. And especially the new, have you used,
have you watched the series? The TVs? The, the, the.
One I was watching the series for a little, but Dr. Manhattan's.
Like Dr. Manhattan's supposed to be a glowing nuclear blue guy with a giant Dick
and all of a sudden he's a regular guy. Right, right, right.
What is this nonsense? Right? That's like,
if the Hulk was just a guy who like went to CrossFit, wait, wait.
Wait in the, in the HBO series. Yes. Yeah. I mean, I, I mean, so bro.
He's supposed to be super jacked with a giant Dick. That's true. Okay.
That's the that's that's Dr. Manhattan. That's right.
He's supposed to be able to like time travel and do whatever he wants.
He's go to other planets and you look at yeah, for sure.
He seems way too normal. <laugh> see. Let me see what he looks like,
pull up what he looks like. Cause the one in the, in the Watchman, the movie,
like, it looks like what you'd expect a God to look like. That's right.
He's got the crazy white eyes.
He's almost like animated where everybody else in this show is, you know,
basically just a person with superpowers for.
Sure. And, and some of 'em don't even have superpowers. And I think that that's,
that's again, that's one of those things where living in a oh God was the,
what is that?
Yeah. Look at them. Get the out of here. How is that? Dr. Manhattan?
That's ridiculous. The real Dr. Manhattan,
the movies like a perfect specimen. He's like a God he glows.
And then this other one is just like a dude with makeup on.
Like they just got lazy. Like I don't understand it.
There's a, what is the, oh my God.
I can't. I'm blanking on it. Look at, look at that. That's on it. That's not it.
That's not that's.
It's just some guys for hanging out Halloween something. Is that what it is?
Yeah. Yeah. Thank God. <laugh> I throw up in my mouth. Let, let himself go.
It just, I just watched it for a little bit and I was like, I don't know,
this just.
It's but it is, it is more raw. I think that the, the,
when you're talking about a show or move that kind of stuff,
when you start to of blend at these superhero, um, situations into real life,
like people aren't gonna be cool with everything and they're not all gonna be
cool. You know?
Like that's the thing I think there there've been a couple U dystopian type of
things where what if Superman was bad? He'd decided to do terrible. It's like,
we, what.
Could we do? Well, that's the thing about the Watchman, right?
Like median is a terrible person in the Watchman. Yeah.
The guy with the mustache and the cigar. Yeah. He he's horrible. Horrible.
He's a murderer. Yeah. You know, and, but yet he's a superhero. It's very,
yeah. Very conflicted. Yeah. The power.
Yeah. Absolute power corrupts. Absolutely. That type of thought process. Right.
There's what is the, um, what is that Mo the, the,
the series is the guy that come out, same similar situation where,
um, it's, it is a superhero story. And it's about, uh,
the same thing about these superheroes. Like Dr. No, sorry, Mr. Something. God,
man. I can't I'm blanking on it, but,
but they basically go follow these superheroes. That just aren't good.
People. I know what you're talking about. Yeah. The boys, the boys,
the boys. I didn't watch that. Right. Is that good? It's good.
I thought it was like a Watchman, a Watchman rip off.
You can kind of see it that way, but it's obviously,
it's just very well written.
I'm that way it, that.
That, yeah. You can see it that way.
Like when you make evil superheros, like that's a.
But it's, it's, it's really, it is true. I mean, if you had,
if you gave somebody ridiculous amount of power or whatever it is,
how could you possibly expect that person to just decide to choose
pure?
You know, that's what we have right now with the government. <laugh> yeah.
Give a lot.
Of power for just listen. So there go. Yeah.
Exactly. It's a, it's a weird time for that.
Watch the entire episode for free, only on Spotify.